{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red48\green92\blue157;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22640\viewh11340\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Home\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Looking For Things To Do? Accommodations?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Let the Sechelt Visitor Centre introduce you to all that Sechelt and the Lower Sunshine Coast have to offer.\
Nestled between the open waters of the Georgia Strait and the calm waters of Sechelt Inlet, lies the town of Sechelt. Just two hours north of Vancouver, B.C., you'll feel like you're a world away. Enjoy small-town friendliness, a wealth of outdoor activities, stunning scenery, and our many services.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Grab a gelato and take a stroll along the Trail Bay shoreline, watching the eagles. Take the time to reconnect over a pastry and latte at one of our local coffee shops. Or visit the unique shops and galleries in downtown Sechelt, for handcrafted items, local art work, books, beads, sports gear and clothing. Finally, treat yourself to a relaxing spa visit.\
Looking to celebrate the great outdoors? There's a lot of it to celebrate here. Located mid-way up the 80 km stretch of coastline known as the Lower Sunshine Coast, Sechelt is an ideal home base for exploring. Sechelt Inlet offers sheltered waters for kayaking and boating. Enjoy a swim in Trail Bay, Davis Bay or at Porpoise Bay Park. Fish in Davis Bay, or one of the many lakes north of Sechelt. Or experience our world class scuba diving sites, renowned mountain bike trails, and multiple golf courses.\
Accessible only by ferry and air, the Lower Sunshine Coast has an island ambiance. You'll feel the pace slow down as soon as you board the ferry. Let the stress of city life melt away, as you are transported through 40 minutes of the stunning scenery of Howe Sound. With Sechelt so close to home, Vancouver residents can easily "hop over" for the weekend. Yet, there is enough to do to keep you busy for weeks.\
}