{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20400\viewh10840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 News\
\
Art Exhibit\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We are proud to announce our latest art exibit featuring a delicious sample of pottery creations by our member, Creek Clayworks. Drop in for a look and don't miss the 25th anniversary Xmas Pottery Sale at Creek Clayworks' studio in Roberts Creek, BC on the beautiful Sunshine Coast! It's happening Nov 21 & 22 from 10 till 5. Studio potters Elaine Futterman and Mike Allegretti are dedicated to creating pottery of the highest quality. Their work is functional and decorative, a pleasure to use and a pleasure to look at. All of the pottery is high fired stoneware. The glazes contain no lead; all of the pottery is dishwasher safe and can be used in the oven and microwave. Find out more at www.creekclayworks.ca\
(image artExhibit.jpg - align left)\
\
Sunshine Coast Art Crawl\
The arbutus tree with its stunning two-toned bark and twisting branches has often been an inspiration to artists. These paintings by local artists Gigi Hoeller and Carol LaFave capture the beauty of the arbutus so well, don't you think? We're looking forward to seeing more work by these artists and many others during the Sunshine Coast Art Crawl October 16-18.\
(image arbutusTree.jpg align left)\
\
Huge Douglas Fir\
This huge Douglas fir can be found on the white trail in Soames Hill park in Gibsons, BC. With a circumference of 7 metres (23 feet) it would take a group of tree-huggers working together to give this tree a hug! #BigTreeSunshine Coast #sunshinecoastbc #explorebc #secheltvisitorcentre\
(image douglasFir.jpg align left)\
\
Largest Logged Cedar\
Did you know that the oldest yellow cedar known to be logged in Canada came from the Caren Range in Spipiyus Park on BC's Sunshine Coast? The Iris Griffith Interpretive Centre and Nature Reserve, north of Pender Harbour, has a cross-sectional round from this cedar and determined that it was 1835 years old when logged in 1990. That puts the start of its life at 155 AD, over 300 years before the fall of the Roman Empire. #BigTreesSunshineCoastBC #ExploreBC #sunshinecoastbc #secheltvisitorcentre #westcoastbestcoast\
(image cedar.jpg align left)\
\
Totem Tuesday\
Holy moly it's TOTEM TUESDAY again!! This week for TOTEM TUESDAY we are featuring some of Sechelt's newest totems! Right in front of the main entrance to Sechelt sh\'edsh\'e1lh Hospital stand three totems carved by Tony Paul and Dion Louie. As a bonus there is a mural just inside the main entrance created by Shain Jackson. When the two are lit up at night it looks magical! For more information about these totem poles, and the others around Sechelt, pop by the Sechelt Visitor Centre! #sechelt #secheltbc #sh\'edsh\'e1lh #sunshinecoastbc #totems #totempoles #totemtuesday #mural #Secheltsh\'edsh\'e1lhHospital #explorebc #explorecanada #secheltvisitorcentre #pacificnorthwest #pnw #viewsofpnw #thecanadiancollective #igcanada #oh_canada #tourcanada #journeycanada #imagesofcanada #westcoast #westcoastbestcoast #ilovebc\
(image totem.jpg align left)}