{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25260\viewh13000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Our Town\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sechelt is one of the two larger towns located on the lower Sunshine Coast (the other being Gibsons). It is centrally located, about halfway between the ferry dock at Langdale (which connects to West Vancouver) and the ferry dock at Earl's Cove (which connects to Powell River). It is an excellent base location for exploring all that the lower Sunshine Coast has to offer.\
Sechelt has a number of residential areas and a population of 9500. Numerous B&Bs offer varied styles of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.secheltvisitorcentre.com/accommodations/sechelt"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 accommodation}}, many with water views.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The downtown area is compact and can be walked from one end to the other in about a half hour. Services include welcoming local coffee shops, a gelatoria, bakeries, a beer and wine store, a movie theatre showing both first run and cinemateque repertoire, a First Nations gift store with Native Art by local artists, a variety of shops, and several art galleries. There are also many grocery stores, pharmacies, gas stations and an office supply shop. The only hospital on the lower Sunshine Coast is located in Sechelt.\
Sechelt is situated between the long, narrow Sechelt Inlet and the more open waters of the Georgia Strait. On the Georgia Strait side, there is a magnificent sweep of\'a0 beautifully cobbled beach, which features wave-polished granite ramparts, driftwood, and many-coloured pebbles. A short drive up the south side of Sechelt Inlet brings you to Porpoise Bay Provincial Park and Campground, which has a sheltered sandy beach with relatively warm water - a great place for a family swim.\
}